what's up well today I'm on break ok
today I'm on break if you're going to make an
instagram story but instagram
is more unstable today than the
servers of the everyday forum
lately so well I'm uploading it here to
see if tomorrow it deletes it or what I
do but they took this as a story
ready ok it
turns out that I'm doing this to
speak out and to give my support and at
midnight okay I'm going to stand up for
midnight just like I would do for myself
as far as necessary surely everyone
knows already midnight is a friend of mine
who has appeared several times on the channel and
her channel is dedicated to denouncing and
criticizing the superposition of minors
on the internet okay it's something that you
all know that I totally
agree with okay I understand that there are
children who have to be famous because they
are singers actors or whatever okay what
I don't like is when they are
overexposed okay there are
channels that live exclusively off
their children there are channels that live
exclusively off recording children that
children don't feel like their day to day
from the moment they get up until they go to
bed we know what school they go to  what
park does he go to we see them when they're
sick we see them on the bat we see them
vomiting anything goes and I don't
think that's right okay I don't think it's right I'm not saying they
do it with malice okay because
of course nobody wants anything bad
for us yes or no but we shouldn't
do it in my opinion okay my
opinion with respect is that we shouldn't
do it because well in the first place
because he's a child he does
n't have
enough consciousness yet to decide if he wants to
be a public figure or not okay I mean
the child maybe you're recording him so
much you're putting him on so much everyone
knows him but the child maybe
when he's 11 years old the child doesn't want to
be famous he doesn't want to be recognized
on the street and it turns out that
everyone has videos of that child and on the
other hand you don't know what world
you're exposing children to he uploaded
a video when he was months old of a very
serious problem that we had what
that person will surely end up in jail and it was a
person who was harassing me and
my family tremendously publishing
our personal information
everywhere okay calling us at all hours of the
day  threatening not threats of
rape it was tremendous okay one of
the things that person did was
make super obscene montages with photos
of me, my father, my wife okay and one
of the reasons why he replied and I
tell with three stories that he doesn't have to
tell this story is being
taken to court and it was not
necessary to tell it but my intention was
for many people to open their eyes okay and
think
if that happened to me imagine what it would have been like
if I put photos of my children on my channel or on my
social networks
that surely would not succeed
because my children or the very pretty
surely painted them on
social networks just like
many people's sites did not but I prefer to
keep them anonymous and that only
I and my family enjoy them okay
ideal tomorrow when they are
older they can go out wherever they want to go
okay but imagine what
that case would have been like if in addition on the internet in
my social networks it had appeared in my
children well today the internet would be
full of montages or we would be a little
more given the magic of thinking about it I feel bad for
anyone to think about it not for me my opinion
with respect everyone does what they
want but for me it shouldn't
be like this okay if you want to open a
youtube channel and you want to try
what we all have the right to and
live off this and it's very nice you have a
great time and everything don't
do it yourself create the content rack your
brains but children left their
privacy to be children
in a way this is going to be regulated there have already
been hidden sanctions and things because
this is going to be regulated this right now
we are new but this is going to be regulated
the issue of minors having
channels announce things on
social networks I don't know this is
my opinion and midnight share that
opinion with me and your channel okay I think with
a lot of respect try to open
people's
eyes to understand the seriousness of the matter when we are exposing children on the internet basically for taking the shots no when the daily issue happened that a company contacted us to try to take down the forum because in that forum we are all in agreement that
a lot of illegalities were committed it
was not a nest of sick people and
harassers who had no other option  what to
do with their lives in that forum there was
slander insults very serious
defamation photos and private photos okay
disclosure of personal data okay
here they put my address there are other
people in which they have put their
phone number photos of relatives who are
anonymous it was tremendous okay they also
organize themselves to be very short after the
brands that work with us
tremendous harassers okay we
agree that that forum crossed the
lines of opinion ok but a couple of
things for which I was about to not
collaborate okay not on the part of the
company because the companies and the
components of the company behaved
with us the truth super well super
professional and everything is worth but on the part
of some influencers that we
contacted no I saw some things that I did
n't like okay first of all one
thing that has hurt me badly
some when I asked him what is wrong with
the forum what have they
told you and there were people there were some
influences that said no it's that I
receive negative messages on my networks it's
that they call me ugly it's that they tell me that my
videos are [ __ ] it's that they tell me
silly like let's see let's see
one thing is the things that cross the
lines that I think we all
have a couple of fingers of forehead and
we know what crosses the line
what is it not another thing is that you don't
want anyone to criticize you another thing
is that you screw up on the internet and you don't
want anyone to think badly of you okay
that no one puts you that no one tells you the
negative things no 7 I mean when we
dedicate ourselves to this that we are supposed to be
people of the public no this has its
good side and its bad side what you can't
want only the good side you are not going to get paid
money but no one can
criticize you that no one can say anything about
you and that no that can't be
okay if you do something that I think is
wrong I take it I criticize it okay I take it I
criticize it and I can criticize whatever the hell I want
okay
then on the other hand there were people who
said people came to me to tell me no no but
when
the video is made I am not going to be mentioned like
well I would mention that it comes out of my
balls but well respect that and  everything and
then on the other hand there were also
some influencers some instagram is
that they said yes yes I totally agree that you
have in the forum [ __ ] that well
[ __ ] great I don't know what but I don't I don't
participate I don't sign I don't I don't
collaborate that it gives me anxiety and I don't
have this lie I join calmly
as you want the good in the forum but I do
n't know I don't know
and I love that you do it but do it
you I don't lie there are
a couple of things that I didn't like
the truth but well seeing all the
fight that Diego had with the forum
a couple of years ago because it is very clear that it
is not only the attitudes of the
users of that forum but that the
moderator of the forum herself encourages that
behavior worth her own as the
administrator of the forum herself I have
certified messages where
the coach sends something to the brands no and where she asks
her users to report
youtube channels to be closed no then it
was very clear that I know that closing it what
happens is that for a few weeks now
so at midnight
copyright reports are arriving to your
youtube channel okay it turns out that some
influencers okay some instagram the
influencers not to youtube not of this that are
dedicated to making videos of children
because they really live off their children well they
have hired the company
apparently to take down the
midnight channel this seems horrible to me
okay it also seems horrible and I repeat
we are in a country where
freedom of expression exists okay as long as there is
no information or carbon or anything
you eat it it is what there is no what is
happening well since there was nothing
illegal in those videos what they have
tried to do is take them down by copyright okay
fraudulently using the
copyright reporting system okay it seems to me
a very cunning way okay very
cunning of trying to do things
youtube he has rejected all the
claims okay because I had a
few times this works
automatically no but youtube
sometimes when it reviews and sees that it is
fair use okay because everyone is worth it
everyone on their channels well you
can use I already explained many
times what fair use is okay
but you can use clips from other
youtube see if you need those clicks
to give weight to your arguments of what you
are talking about  Okay, there is
fair use, okay, you can do a re-
upload of a video of course, but
you put a small fragment to
comment on it, that can be done, it is
fair use. In fact, when you become a
YouTuber, the first thing you sign is the
agreement, not the YouTube terms, they are
some conditions that explain
fair use and that there are third parties that can
use your content, okay, this is how I
explained it a lot of times. What
you cannot use in your video is
maybe some photos that are private,
not some stories from a
private Instagram, some audios, a private voice recording,
no, but you can use your content,
otherwise there would be
no channel and this is a fight, okay, this
thing about fraudulent sprays and
such
is a fight that I have had on
many occasions when
people like me have tried to take down my channel,
plan on people like Telecinco, okay, and
no, then the video has fair use,
it's what there is,
okay, if it had content, they are
defaming you, they are slandering you or something
like that, what you have to do
is file a complaint, either
criminal or civil.  It is usually
handled civilly, which is what happens
if you file a complaint, okay, if you file a complaint
and then when they get to court there is
nothing, they pay the costs and they condemn you to
pay the things, on the contrary, okay,
then of course, come on, you are fraudulent,
for that there is no need to hire
any company, I also do that,
go to network, they didn't remember the fight I
had with Verdel's network and
when I made Verdel's video and okay, the
criticism that I made about him and what to do
with him and with his network he was trying to
take down my video and that the video would not
exist on the internet by all
possible means but it cannot be done, it cannot be
done, it is a legitimate, legitimate criticism,
okay, and if the problem were that
maybe at midnight he had
escaped, at
midnight it happens to him like it happens to me,
even if the child is, if I am
commenting on a video and in that video
some minor appears, I censor it even if
the child is not public because the father is the one who
publishes it, surely because I
have that way of being, okay, but if at
midnight he has escaped in a second
a face can be seen, okay, if that problem is
contacted, hey  midnight
here an image of a minor appears and
midnight removes it but the problem
is not that a photo appears the problem is that they do
n't want me to talk okay and that can't be
you can't be a youtuber with a
million followers and no one's opinion
on you okay no no and you can't just
shut down the channel of a person who has been
working in this for years who is
self-employed okay try to shut down the
channel and leave her without a job because you don't
like what she says well
look guys don't dedicate yourself to this I ca
n't see a super more
blonde way okay super more blonde way of doing
things I don't know if I will speak out I will make
a video later explaining everything in
more detail because there are things to
freak out there are things that are to freak out
but youtube has rejected the
claims because no because it is
fair use and why not and also when
youtube rejects it you can't
report it again no but I find it
incredible because it is on midnight
one of the most respectful people
on youtube when it comes to criticizing and
posting things the intention of
midnight is to expose and open
people's eyes to why she thinks  so just like
I do man when I uploaded the
video with what had happened to me with the
stalker my intention was now to think think
okay imagine how would there be
something that makes me sick just
thinking about it if in truth that went away
my son had appeared and I found a
sick person and look at the things that
children do, it has to be put out there, children have to be
put out there from my point of view,
children have to be exposed if they are singers
it's something else we're not talking about something else
but that you record them in their day to
day life not that your channel is about your children
at all that you record is the day to day life and it can be
seen in the school uniform I don't know it's
that you don't have to give so much information to
people about your children your children for you
and your family enjoy their ballet
you want to do youtube it's put
the post yourself your vote your vigo and how much you with
that attitude you for the children leave them
anonymous okay and at the end of the day that's what
the
midnight channel is about okay I put my hand in the
fire that there is no lack of
respect and I want nothing to go through
the lines no and it seems terrible to me it is
fatal because mansilla midnight the
reports do not make any sense, no it is not
reported here in the second 1 until the
second 2 because an image appears the
problem is not the image the problem is
that you want to silence it no and it seems
terrible to me it seems terrible I will know this
was happening behind me and I do not
collaborate or rather because towards the end I was
fighting in the daily forum
I have been putting up the daily forum on
my own very well for two years
okay putting everything that is there
okay now thanks to me the daily forum
is pointed out and marked on the internet as
a nest of sick people to such an extent
that to such an extent that the people who
appear and who are registered on that
forum do so anonymously and do not
want anyone around them to
find out that they are registered on that forum
because they are ashamed because when
they are in a nest of harassers and
people who are not well but
trying to take down channels and things like that is that
for that I need to
hire companies then I say to
any  network has done that
I had a huge fight with dop and I
had I don't know if it's the same network of
verdel and longitudes but the video
stayed there
Valley also said that he also tried to
knock down a couple of criticisms in the videos
is that he is a judge like that but let's not make a
mistake
if there is private content in a video at
one time a call something that the
insults go much further and if you
can take down the video okay but they
are saying something that you don't like 200
201 you can be here only for
money here we give opinions freedom of
expression okay but
why in the end nothing you know that
I had trifurca up when closing the
channel and they reopened it there he hasn't
tried to throw a ton of criticisms and
the criticisms have stayed there okay and what there is is what there is
and he's going to
say something else but my
head just completely went okay today I was
totally disconnected but we wanted to
give me to lend him my support at
midnight I'm going to be leaving the
description two videos okay one is the
midnight video where he explains
everything and the other is his
video of mine where I suffered the harassment  for
this person who is going to be judged
soon so that you open your eyes so that you open your
eyes that if you want to
continue doing what you do because you are
doing very well now for you because of the
consequences for you with the
consequence but what you cannot
do is try to silence okay and less
in such a way to
save less in such a cheap way
that is not how things are done okay when they
want this is what I was going to say
when there is a video made that made you
famous that slanders you or something like that you have to
go through legal means okay
you cannot censor a video and
remove it from the internet I
repeat I insist when satisfaction is
slander or something like that yes yes the video
shows your phone number your address
yes you can throw it away but when it is
defamation insults things
like that what you have to do is
hire a lawyer and go through
civil or criminal means normally through civil means okay what
happens is that when you file
a lawsuit okay through civil means and you
go to court and there is nothing [ __ ]
okay there is nothing weighty
you risk being sentenced to costs
but  it's the judge who has to decide
Silvio whether to remove it or not you can't remove
a video you can take down a re-upload
maybe okay but you're nobody to
decide a little bit this YouTube video
that bothers me what is being said is that I don't
like what is being said no there's no longer any way to
defame you it's that you don't like what is being
said no no that the video stays
and then a judge is the one who decides well
the video this person has to remove it
and has to upload a rectification but to
take it down like that, no way
YouTube has rejected it
YouTube these reports I am surprised
that YouTube has rejected it okay I know
that on many occasions YouTube detects
fair use because also many
times they have tried to take down videos
from my secondary channel of my
secondary channel almost all of them are master of 80 70%
are reactions to videos and many
times they have tried to take down videos
but I have had them rejected it only
reject they send you an email with the
writing that the other person has done and they have thrown it away
because it is fair use
okay
but there are many occasions in which  they
sneak in okay in fact this would already be to
extend much more okay but in fact
the networks have the power to take down any
video they want even if you don't
use the content remember what
happened to beta far with the win michu it
hasn't changed that first he threw it
through you planes then through three halves
okay because because youtube lends him a
tool okay that simply by
pressing a button the video is played they don't even
check it okay but if you make
fraudulent use of that tool okay they
can even close the network okay but
what I'm telling you or rather what they've
done is that any network can do that they
are the valid ones they are the valid ones and even if they
had managed to sneak in the strike
even if they had taken down the video for
copyright later it would have been claimed and we
would have recovered it
let's give it what I say the threads do
you know what I followed he recovered it
but the thing is that they could have closed his
channel no way the intention was to close
the channel dude to a person who lives off
that and it's not being illegal at all did you
imagine that tomorrow you wake up and
your livelihood goes to hell because
because I don't like it  You said I
don't want you to say things that don't
interest me. Not
bad, bad kid. Well, see you
tomorrow.